Logo: Projeto Educação (Cor vermelha com emoji / figura de uma lâmpada💡)

Educação e aprendizado em um lugar só.


- Por que usar nosso software?

 -- Nosso compromisso

Ajuda a expandir o aprendizado para todos
Nós, do Projeto Educação, acreditamos que todos educadores e alunos de qualquer idade e lugar merecem as ferramentas e habilidade que ajudam guia-los para construir o futuro de sucesso.

Helping expand learning for everyone
We believe that everyone—educators and learners at every age and stage—deserve the tools and skills that set them up for success in building the future they want for themselves.

 -- Privacidade e segurança

Privacidade & Segurança
O Projeto Educação está comprometido em constriur um sistema que ajudam estudantes e professores a proteger sua privacidades. Oferecendo a melhor segurança para sua instituição. Você pode confiar no serviço do Projeto Educação em continuamente proteger seus usuários, dispositivos, e dados de ameaças cada vez mais complexas.

Privacy & Security Center
Google is committed to building products that help protect student and teacher privacy and provide best-in-class security for your institution. You can trust that Google for Education products and services continuously protect users, devices, and data from increasingly complex threats.

 -- Acessibilidade

Accessibility for every student
When all students can fully participate in the learning experience in their own way, everyone benefits. That's why we create Google for Education products with accessibility in mind, to help every student learn, be inspired, and achieve their full potential.

 -- Melhor customização para sua instituição

Explore tools that enable teaching and learning from anywhere
Whether fully virtual, fully in-person or something in between, explore resources to help you customize a plan that’s best for your school, and for your students.


- Como começar

Partners expand possibilities
Google for Education partners offer sales, training, deployment, and technology solutions related to our products including Chromebooks, Chrome Education Upgrade, and Google Workspace for Education. Connect with a partner to get products and services that can help transform teaching and learning at your institution.

How to get started with Google for Education
We’re here for you every step of the way, from planning to training and everything in between. Explore our comprehensive set of resources to get you up and running quickly.

Get training and support with anything you need
Whether you have a specific question, an issue to troubleshoot, or want to learn more about what Google for Education products can do, we’re here to help.


